1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

A major purpose of functions is to group code that gets executed multiple times. 
Without a function defined, We would have to copy and paste the code each time

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?

called

3. What statement creates a function?

def 

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

In code, a function call is just the function’s name followed by parentheses, 
possibly with some number of arguments in between the parentheses. When the program execution 
reaches these calls, it will jump to the top line in the function and begin executing the code there. 
When it reaches the end of the function, the execution returns to the line that called the function and 
continues moving through the code as before.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

There is only one global scope but there can be more than one local scopes

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

When the function returns, the local scope is destroyed, 
and any variables assigned in the function are forgotten.

7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?

When an expression is used with a return statement, the return value is 
what this expression evaluates to. 

A return value can be part of an expression

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

None

9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?

gloal statement

10. What is the data type of None?

NoneType

11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?

It will show an error because there does not exist any module named areallyourpetsnamederi

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after 
importing spam?

spam.bacon()

13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?

Exception Handling using try and except 

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?

The code that could potentially have an error is put in a try clause. 
The program execution moves to the start of a following except clause if an error happens.